Disclaimer: It is part of the task to try to solve issues you
encounter and address them the best way possible. At this stage, I
don't have the time to help you on this task or clarify questions.

0. Create a *private* Github repo "exercise-uiuc+-<year>" to include
the artifacts for this task. Your repo should look like this (more on
that below):

/code       <~~ you code in here
answers.txt
Dockerfile
run.sh

1. Implement a tool that takes as input an URL for a GitHub project
written in Python and reports a CSV file containing all test
assertions for that project in the given format:

~~~
filepath,testclass,testname,line number,assert string
~~~

##Key considerations:

- The "testclass" column should be empty is test class does not exist.

- The "assert string" column should have the entire line containing
  the assertion.

- API calls: Note that the test may call a function that contains an
  assertion

- Subclass: The test class may be inheriting some tests (and
  assertions) from a super-class

- Assertion may be in another function called by the test

- You are free to use any language to implement your
  approach. However, I would recommend using the "ast" python library
  and implement a visitor to traverse the abstract syntax trees of the
  code.

Add your code under the directory /code

2. Evaluate your tool on any *three* popular Python projects of you
  choice and answer the following questions in a file answers.txt at
  the top-level directory of the repository:

Q1. How many assertions did you find in each project?
Q2. What did you do to validate if the tool is correct? 
Q3. What are the limitations? For example, does your tool miss assertions? 
Q4. What were the key challenges that you faced in your implementation?

3. Reproduction

3.1 Write a Dockerfile at the top-level directory with instructions to
run your code on the projects you selected. Be aware of
dependencies. I want to be able to reproduce results without putting
extra effort to configure the tool (e.g., to fix broken dependencies).

3.2 Write a script run.sh with a "docker build" instructions to create
a Docker image and a "docker run" instruction to run the container and
generate the .csv files.

4. Once you finish the task, share the repo with user: "damorim" and
send an email to "mdamori@ncsu.edu" with the subject "DONE: exercise
uiuc+".

Enjoy,

  -Marcelo
